Oh, my God.
Since it is a private crime
Since it's so grand
What do you know?
these
All from the Shishan Blood Sea of Hunter Academy
The super bodyguard who crawled out
Every one of them is used inappropriately
Not only cards
Strength is even more terrifying
Mr. Qi, everyone is here, please take a seat
Since we are all here to talk about business
Then stop talking nonsense
There are 300,000 tons in human hands
The day after tomorrow evening to the waterway pier
I also hope you can help run the sale
Three relatives, are you interested?
Mr. Ji
I Zhongyun have sales routes such as water, land, land and air freight.
I would like to give it all to you for free
I hope you can give me all 300,000 tons of cargo
Please Mr. Ji
Zhou Yun's voice is tight
I have a KTV in Jiangbei here.
Crossing resources in nightclub bath center
guaranteed sales
More importantly, safety
Well, I can do this in Crouching Tiger Villa.
Boss Wu, don't rush to grab business
everyone
Now I'd like to introduce you to a very special guest.
What kind of guest is Mr. Lin?
He is the Three Flags Guard of the Southern Province Guards Academy
Chu Changfeng